it came to pass on the eighth day that
Moses called Aaron and his sons and the
elders of Israel and he said to Aaron
take for yourself a young bull as a sin
offering and a ram as a burnt offering
without blemish and offer them before
the Lord and to the children of Israel
you shall speak saying take a kid of the
goats as a sin offering and a calf and a
lamb both of the first year without
blemish as a burnt offering also a bull
and a ram as peace offerings to
sacrifice before the Lord and a grain
offering mixed with oil for today the
Lord will appear to you so they brought
what Moses commanded before the
tabernacle of meeting and all the
congregation drew near and stood before
the law and Moses said this is the thing
which the LORD commanded you to do and
the glory of the Lord will appear to you
roses set to Adam go to the altar offer
your sin offering and your burnt
offering and make a toe movement for
yourself and for the people offer the
offering of the people then make
atonement for them as the LORD commanded
Aaron therefore went to the altar and
killed the calf of the sin offering
which was for himself and the sons of
Aaron brought the blood to him and he
dipped his finger in the blood put it on
the horns of the altar and poured the
blood at the base of the altar but the
fat the kidneys and the fatty lobe from
the liver of the sin offering he burned
on the altar as the Lord had commanded
Moses the flesh and the hide he burned
with fire outside the camp and he killed
the burnt offering and Aaron's sons
presented to him the blood which he
sprinkled all around on the altar then
they presented the burnt offering to him
with its pieces and head and he burned
them
he washed the entrails and the legs and
bendin with the burnt offering on the
altar then he brought the people's
offering and took the goat which was the
sin offering for the people and killed
it and offered it for sin like the first
one and he brought the burnt offering
and offered it according to the
prescribed manner and he brought the
grain offering took a handful of it and
burned it on the altar besides the burnt
sacrifice of the morning he also killed
the bull and the RAM as sacrifices of
peace offerings which were for the
people and Aaron's sons presented to him
the blood which he sprinkled all around
on the altar and the fat from the bull
in the ranim a fatty tail what covers
the entrails and the kidneys and the
fatty lobe attached to the liver and
they put the fat on the breasts then he
burned the fat on the altar but the
brazos and the right thigh aaron waved
as a wave offering before the Lord as
Moses had commanded then Aaron lifted
his hand toward the people less than and
came down from offering the sin offering
the burnt offering and peace offering us
and Moses and Aaron went into the
tabernacle of meeting and came out and
blessed the people and the glory of the
Lord appeared to all the people
and fire came out from before the Lord
and consumed the brand offer and the fat
on the organ all the people saw it they
shouted and fell on their faces
[Music]
you